Add small description for capturing a deprecation in tests (#5876)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/development/dev_howto.rst

    print(some_class(10).old_attribute)

How to capture a deprecation
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> It is important to also catch the deprecation warning in the test files. This can be done in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A deprecation warning raised during CI will be considered an error by `pytest`. Nevertheless, it is important to also check that deprecation warnings are correctly emitted in the test files. This can be done in the following way:
```

    print(some_class(10).old_attribute)

How to capture a deprecation
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

A deprecation warning raised during CI will be considered an error by `pytest`.
Nevertheless, it is important to also check that deprecation warnings are correctly
emitted in the test files. This can be done in the following way:

.. code::

    # Runs with the renamed argument
    asmooth = ASmoothMapEstimator(scales=scales, spectral_model=PowerLawSpectralModel())

    # Raises deprecation warning
    with pytest.warns(GammapyDeprecationWarning):

>         asmooth = ASmoothMapEstimator(scales=scales, spectrum=PowerLawSpectralModel())

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        ASmoothMapEstimator(scales=scales, spectrum=PowerLawSpectralModel())
```
